Ah yes, you must have stolen it.
You are a waste
How can I get such a level of invitation?
This is not 10 invitations that are only sent out 3 times a year
The materials and labor alone are worth millions
How could it be like you?
There are only 100 million waste in the hands of the whole body
To have such a thrifty person is the supreme status
Can be a family heirloom
You must have stolen it
What nonsense
This is mine.
This is a non-real-name relative.
Your name is not written on it
How do you prove that he is yours?
This was given to Dad by Aunt Li herself
Li always gave it to him by hand
Humph him
How can you let Mr. Li give it away by herself?
Trash that even I don't like
What's more, Li is always such a beautiful girl
I can't hook it.
Press back and die slowly
I'll see who dares to touch him
I'll see who dares to move and let go
Hey aunt
Little fish
Xiao Song, some things in the company have been delayed.
Let you suffer for a long time here
I'm really sorry.
Mi Lao
What are you talking about?
It's my pleasure that you can come out and say a word for me.
How could I blame you?
Ye Tiancheng, are you a little too presumptuous?
So arrogant in the banquet hall I set up
This clearly doesn't take me all over the world in your eyes.
No no no no
Mr. Li, I suspect that I stole someone else's intelligence check
So now the old man is here
Do you understand?
Uh, checked it out
I'll return the letter to him now
How is Mr. Song's company now?
The company is operating normally
The test car has reached the testing stage
That's good until the company is profitable
Don't forget me as a shareholder
How could I forget?
No Li Lao and Miss Li
There is no me Song Yang
Today, I am Song Yang grateful picture report
Waiting for the experimental car
Song Yang
Are you going to develop new energy vehicles?